c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\WindowsGame1.exe
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\WindowsGame1.pdb
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Game.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.GamerServices.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Graphics.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Input.Touch.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.xml
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Game.xml
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Graphics.xml
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.GamerServices.xml
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Input.Touch.xml
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\obj\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.RuntimeProfile.txt
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsGame1.exe
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsGame1.pdb
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\obj\x86\Debug\Bokonokupiku.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\bokoRight.xnb
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\bokoLeft.xnb
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\menufont.xnb
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\bokonokupikuBG.xnb
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\bokonokupikuPause.xnb
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\bokoRightCombat.xnb
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\bokoLeftCombat.xnb
